Add user-facing docs for the dependency tree (#8948)
dotnet/project-system: docs/dependencies-tree.md

Resolved items are produced by MSBuild targets. The target to inspect depends upon the dependency type:

| Dependency type      | MSBuild target                           |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------|
| `AnalyzerReference`  | `CollectAnalyzersDesignTime`             |
| `Assembly`           | `ResolveAssemblyReferencesDesignTime`    |
| `COM`                | `ResolveComReferencesDesignTime`         |
| `FrameworkReference` | `ResolveFrameworkReferencesDesignTime`   |
| `PackageReference`   | `ResolvePackageDependenciesDesignTime`   |
| `ProjectReference`   | `ResolveProjectReferencesDesignTime2`    |
| `SdkReference`       | `CollectResolvedSDKReferencesDesignTime` |

Inspecting a design-time build's `.binlog` with the [MSBuild Structured Log Viewer](https://msbuildlog.com/) and tracing back from the relevant target will reveal why the original reference was not produces as a resolved reference. Some familiarity with [MSBuild concepts](https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-concepts) is required to do this.

> Note that for package references, you may also look in the `obj` folder for the `project.assets.json` file. Towards the end of that file there may be some messages that provide insight into why packages were not resolved, though this source of information should be displayed in the Dependencies tree directly.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that for package references, you may also look in the `obj` folder for the `project.assets.json` file. Towards the end of that file there may be some `log` messages that provide insight into why packages were not resolved, though this information should be displayed in the Dependencies tree directly, along with the Package pane of the Output window, and the Error List.
```
